[AUDIO LOGO]
>> Is humankind on the verge of
open extraterrestrial contact?
And, if so, is the current
disclosure movement
a first step towards
revealing a collective
of non-terrestrial
intelligences working together
within a Galactic Federation.
For more than 60 years,
alternative media
has explored the idea
of a Galactic Federation
from popular sci-fi
shows to individuals
who claim to be in communication
with the extraterrestrial
intelligences.
The possibility of a Galactic
Federation as reality
has been made more significant
with its acknowledgment
by the former general and head
of Israel's defense ministry's
space directorate, Haim
Eshed, when he publicly
proclaimed earthlings
have been in contact
with extraterrestrials
from a Galactic Federation.
>> In December 2020, Haim
Eshed, who is a retired Israeli
security chief talked to the
Jerusalem post and said, oh,
there is a Galactic Federation
and they've been involved with
human affairs but they're
staying hidden right now
because we're not
ready for them.
And they want us to know--
they're here to observe us
and they're very interested
in the fabric of the universe
and we need to know more about
the fabric of the universe.
Well, that's pretty
extraordinary.
>> Former Canadian minister of
National Defense and longtime
member of parliament, the
late honorable Paul Hellyer,
was the first and only cabinet
ranking official from a G8
nation to publicly state his
belief in extraterrestrials
and the alleged Galactic
Federation of aliens.
>> Well, I only know about
the Galactic Federation,
but they are concerned about
what's going on in the world.
And they have been working
through individuals.
They say, you clean up your act.
You're in charge.
It's your planet.
And if it comes
to a dead end, it
will because you let it
or made it a dead end.
>> Even in my conversations I
had with the late Paul Hellyer,
he told me that we had
extraterrestrials helping
our scientists on Earth at bases
and there was full cooperation
with them.
Paul would say that these were
part of a Galactic Federation.
>> Tim, a tactical advisor
to covert analysts in Germany
trying to understand the
missions and strategies
of non-terrestrial intelligences
on Earth recalls information
from a collective of beings in
the six density that Tim refers
to as being six.
>> I also have heard being six
talk about some of its members
being part of a
Galactic Federation.
So there seems to be
a lot of truth to it.
One of the first things in
a dualistic universe that
comes up within species
is allianceship,
which means finding
people who support
your own position,
which I would say
is a truth all over the
place in the universe.
You have many alliances.
The Greys are setting up their
own allianceship, so to speak.
But different other
species as well
have contracts with each other.
And being six directly spoke
about a Galactic Federation,
yes, which basically
makes sense because you
have so many cultures and
so many different planets
and so many different
standpoints going on
in the universe that
it totally makes
sense to have some kind
of regulatory system
that might balance that out.
And this is the way I understand
a Galactic Federation.
It seems to be quite a
complicated situation
because you have so many
different agendas going on.
>> While no one can say with
certainty when the Galactic
Federation was first created,
some experts suggest it may
have been as much as hundreds
of thousands of years ago.
>> My understanding is that
this is the time where there has
been a sort of competition, some
sort of conflict that started
to happen within this galaxy.
>> Most researchers agree that
the Galactic Federation started
as a defense treaty
from reptilian expansion
into our galaxy.
>> At that time, it was decided
or decreed, if you will,
that a kind of a neutral
organization be put in place
to be able to supervise and
maintain the order within this
galaxy.
You have to
remember, this galaxy
is part of a larger
conglomerate of galaxies
and then the universe.
So there are larger
organizations
that are also in charge
of maintaining order
across the universe.
And so when one particular
area is struggling
with any sort of
conflict or issues
between species, then that
larger organization is going
to say, we need some
local organization
that will supervise this
area of the universe
and make sure it maintains
the order that is necessary.
>> Through his role as a
tactical advisor in the German
equivalent of unacknowledged
special access programs,
Tim has had more than 100
face-to-face encounters with
the extraterrestrial species
referred to as the Greys,
which he describes as having
an artificially created body
into which they download their
individual consciousness.
Tim believes they're
a benevolent race who
have an influence on
the Galactic Federation.
>> The way I understand it
is that there's not only one
singular Galactic Federation and
it definitely has not influence
over every single
part of the universe.
It seems to be a
construct which seems
to be set up for more and
more species and planets,
but there are also like
different federations
and different interest groups
and very strong boundaries
or loose boundaries all over
the place in the universe.
So I have in-depth knowledge
about the federation
that the Greys are in, where
human military personnel is
also engaged and different
other warrior type species.
I personally think that
this is different than what
pop culture and media portrays
as Galactic Federation or even
that Galactic Federation that
Israel was speaking about.
I think they have
different mindsets,
but I mean there still
seems to be some overlapping
influences here and there.
>> While one might assume
that there are ongoing contact
scenarios between federation
members and various
governmental, military, and
interest groups on Earth,
countless individuals worldwide
also claim contact with
Galactic Federation members.
>> Since the 1950s, we have
seen just a sort of a parade,
if you will, of people that
maintain that they have had
encounters with representatives
of the Galactic Federation that
they themselves are agents of
the federation and that they
are now bringing
forward this message.
So what is the role of the
individual in this scenario?
Part of it is to say,
well, if you are receiving
that information to make
sure you are the best
representative of
that information
that you're not just saying
things that are coming off
the top of your head, that there
is some kind of backup for what
you're saying.
I mean, if you're going to put
yourself on an out like that,
you're willing to
be put on a stand
and tell the whole truth,
and nothing but the truth.
And so we have to be sure
that what the individuals are
bringing forward does have some
connection to reality let's
say.
And that to me,
is sort of tricky
because individuals
don't carry the clout
that a government does.
And, so it's a sort of a
David versus Goliath scenario.
But if you put together
multiple individuals,
multiple eyewitnesses that
have all seen the same thing
and they are carrying
essentially the same message,
now that's a whole
different story
and that's what's
happening today.
>> Matias De Stefano expands
on the idea of the Galactic
Federation as a group of species
who share the same ideals
to include entire planets
as one consciousness.
He calls this the Confederation.
>> The word Confederation
actually comes from the Latin
and means those who share a
faith together that they trust
to one another.
So a Confederation
is basically a group
of planets that
trust each other,
and their agenda is basically
to help those planets that
are willing or in process of
evolution towards consciousness
to find their own way of
acknowledging themselves.
So what they started to do was
to work with these planets that
were in the path of
evolution so they
could share much more data.
So it's not that they are having
this agenda of helping humans
because they love humans or
because we are the good ones
or whatever, it's
just because they
see that our planet,
like many others,
has the potential of
sharing a lot of data,
a lot of information.
Sometimes when you think
about the Galactic Federation,
you have to try to think about
it like if you are talking
about your own brain trying
to figure out something
and connecting neurons, data and
improving the way in which you
understand the
reality around you.
>> According to researchers,
the Galactic Federation is
comprised of countless
species and civilizations.
The ones most
familiar to humanity
are the Andromedans, Arcturians,
Sirians, Pleiadians, and
Felines.
While other councils,
alliances, and associations
exist to work together
on various projects
and agendas which may also
include Galactic Federation
members.
The core members of the
peaceful inner circle
include these five.
>> The Galactic Federation
includes tens of thousands
of different categories.
In my work, the Arcturians
would be one category
as being the midway intelligence
between the planetary systems
of the third dimension and
those of the higher dimensions.
Another would be
the Andromedans,
they would be those who
create amazing spacecraft that
would require them to do
the building in outer space
because they're dealing
with molecular relationships
on multiple levels going through
electromagnetic spectrums.
Another, of course, would
be the Pleiadians that
come from what we would call
in the Indigenous tradition,
the Seven Sisters, or
the planetary association
of emphasizing the artistic and
the holistic realm of creation.
>> The Galactic Federation is
made up of all those beings
trying to help
humanity right now.
They're not designed
just for us,
but that's the ones
that are focusing
right now on our development.
And the Arcturians are
a key part to that.
There's other races as well
that are part of that--
those connected with Sirius,
for example, the star system
Sirius, those connected
with the Pleiadians,
these are all intelligences
that are here now influencing
our technology, our
consciousness so we can grow.
>> Another major player in
the Galactic Federation is
the Pleiadians.
The Pleiadians also play a very
important role in the galaxy.
The Pleiades have a
very, very large mixture
of species right there.
I feel like the Pleiadians
are the most knowledgeable
about the galaxy.
>> There are many members
of this Confederation,
but each one of them has a very
different way to relate to each
other.
For example, one
of the main members
are the Pleiadians that
were basically the ones that
moved everyone to create it.
For example, the
Pleiadians saying,
we need to download
this information.
The Arcturians
saying, OK, we know
how to make a package
for this information.
And the Sirians
saying, OK, we know
how to build a reality
around that package
so it could be improved.
So basically, they
are the main ones
that designed this idea
of putting together
many of those concepts
and information that
came from other worlds
and other solar systems.
>> In an unexpected spontaneous
download from extraterrestrial
intelligences with whom
Marina Jacobi is in contact,
she shares information
regarding the prominent species
of the Galactic Federation.
>> When you see a
Galactic Federation,
understand that in the
evolutionary moment every
single perspective of
reality has a representative.
Each family, so-called
Galactic family,
realizes that you cannot be
disengaged with consciousness
itself.
And in order to continue
your evolutionary process
of expansion, you must go in
the next level of understanding.
Once you connect to
that frequency so
you shall see that
reality for yourself.
>> If humanity has the chance to
utilize their biological bodies
and to utilize their dualistic
way of perceiving reality,
then they can grow from that.
So what they did and they--
meaning higher frequencial
beings being six if you want to
name it, they had an embargo,
a frequencial embargo
surrounding Earth,
meaning this planet this
planetary life sphere that we
are on right now is only
capable of displaying life forms
and data that comes
from level 1, 2, 3,
and 4 consciousness
but is not able to--
capable of receiving
direct influence
from levels 5, 6, and 7.
And that is the
chance, the opportunity
that life on this planet needed
in order to grow individually.
That being said,
the Earth is now
heading towards a
situation in the universe
where higher frequencies are
loud and directly influencing
this planet and its
vibrational field,
which makes it
possible for having
direct influences by higher
frequencials in the upcoming
time.
>> The Galactic Federation has
been in contact with humanity
longer than anyone truly knows.
Consensus amongst
experts suggest
that their agenda is to aid
in our conscious evolution.
But will humanity ever become
aware of our Galactic family
through some kind of
public disclosure?
Or is it possible that hints
of a Galactic Federation
have already made their way
into mainstream media via TV
and film?
>> We know that intelligence
agencies like to use movies
and television to disseminate
certain truths and ideas that
might be unknown to the public.
Is it possible that they
use shows like "Star Trek"
to convey the concept of
a Galactic Federation?
>> In the 1970s through
colleagues of mine working with
Andrija Puharich in New York,
we had the opportunity to have
Gene Roddenberry, the
famous Gene Roddenberry,
part of one of our study groups
and he heard the terminology
used frequently by one of my
colleagues Phyllis Schlemmer.
And at that time,
he was so intrigued
by the paraphysical phenomena
that happened in the rooms
that we were being used for
telepathic communication,
that he went on, I am told,
to expand this later in life
into what is called "Deep
Space Nine" utilizing
the terminology of the nine
or the higher cosmic entities
behind shall we say the thoughts
and the efforts of the Galactic
Federation to guide humanity
into a higher level.
>> And it is through Phyllis
that we gain some of these
little tidbits and these little
elements that Gene Roddenberry
was able to incorporate
into "Star Trek"
into "Deep Space Nine" to help
prime the human mind to this
evolutionary concept to this
growth that we are not alone
in this galaxy, that there is
this greater council watching
over us and protecting us, but
they can't interfere with us
until we are ready
to be joining them,
until we're ready to have
our evolutionary shift
and technology to grow into this
higher state of being and join
the Galactic
Federation at large.
Now what may be that the reason
why we see this logo popping up
in all of the
world's space agency
is that it is a salute to this
original Andromedan Council
in the Galactic
Federation that we learned
about from the Council of 9
through the medium Phyllis
Schlemmer in these
various meetings
with Gene Roddenberry
and other folks.
And it just kind of made
its way and dispersed itself
throughout the world so
that we can be aware of it.
>> Since space agencies logos
worldwide integrate the A
shaped symbol one
might question,
why our current cylindrical
rocket shaped technology
isn't depicted instead?
>> If we look at the logos
of many different space
organizations on Earth, we
notice that there's this A
shape to it.
And it's interesting to find out
that this A shape may actually
refer back to this
Andromedan Council.
It's just a hint to all of us
that the Andromedan Council
still has a place and a
role in the development
of human technologies
and human civilizations
as we're growing
into the new age.
>> What's really interesting
is that the shape of this
particular logo regardless
of the language that these
countries represent because a
lot of language have different
characters, for instance, the
Chinese characters don't look
anything like the Russian
characters that don't look
anything like English, but
they all use the same A symbol.
My understanding
with this is that, I
think this is a direct
correlation of this A
symbol coming from a higher
extraterrestrial language.
So a lot of people
don't realize this,
but language here on Earth
didn't originate here on Earth.
Language here on
Earth originated
from extraterrestrial
beings that
came to Earth maybe hundreds
of thousands of years
ago to teach Earth
people civilization
and that includes the language.
>> More than seeing the A shaped
symbol here on official Space
Agency logos,
researchers suggest that
there's a potential
connection between these logos
and our closest
neighboring constellations.
Might there be significance
to the specific star
clusters appearing on
government's insignias?
>> It's interesting when we look
at some of the space agencies
version of the symbol.
It differs slightly from the
"Star Trek" logo in that there
are many different
stars depicted
and having these constellations
on this symbol for space travel
and space agencies can't
be just a coincidence.
>> When we look at
the space force logo,
they're essentially telling
us with the symbology that
they're getting help that
they have outside influences.
And so you might say that
this similarity in these logos
are telling you that at the
highest levels of government,
they're working in
unison together.
>> When we look at these logos
for the space agencies and we
see the three stars that
are on them are contactees,
gives us a different perspective
of what those three stars could
mean.
They suggest that those three
stars are for Andromeda,
Arcturus, and Lyra,
which are three
of the big players of
the Galactic Federation
that have a big part in the role
of humanity and our evolution
and protecting us
here on our planet.
>> I think because the Galactic
Federation who is representing
the Andromeda Council--
they're kind of like an arm
of the Andromeda Council.
They've been in contact
with certain Earth agencies,
Earth agencies have had
access to this logo,
and so they adopted it as their
own logo, maybe in the hopes
that one day they'll be a member
of the Galactic Federation.
But instead, there's
definitely a connection there.
>> Regarding why an A like for
Andromeda or that connection
would be in many agencies--
the information brings me
to a much more human concept
regarding Andromeda.
Basically, Andromeda "andros,"
it's basically the divine
being that protected men.
And when you see the skies,
you see this soft light
when it's very clear, which
is Andromeda far away.
So it's like a spirit flying
in between the stars protecting
our realities.
If anyone is trying to protect
the skies from something that
is coming, they would use a
symbol of Andromeda to say,
they are the ones
taking care of men.
>> As humankind moves closer to
understanding our place within
the greater galactic community,
our own readiness on both
an individual and collective
level may be the determining
factor for success.
>> As the open contact
scenario unfolds,
I really believe that there's
two paths that it could
potentially take.
One is the path of
humanity joining
what I refer to as the dragon
where we merge with technology
and we all become a single hive
mind that's something talked
about by the US government--
promoted by the US government,
that you lose your
individuality that there
is one human being on this
planet, one race that is it,
subservient to the dragon
and the technology.
The other path is
where we retain
our organic and
spiritual selves,
and we plug into a
spiritual hierarchy--
spiritually motivated Galactic
Federation that assists us
in becoming more like
an angelic species
maintaining our biology,
but at the same time,
merging more with higher
frequencies of light,
rather than technology.
I don't think they coexist.
I think they could possibly
intersect slightly,
but I don't think they coexist.
I think it's an
either/or situation,
and we are right now
in the next five years
deciding which that
is going to be.
And there they will find
the federation waiting.
>> It's not only the Galactic
Federation that's coming here,
it's also those who are doing
their own thing checking us
out, doing their own medical
experiments on our biology.
It's complex.
They're different intelligences,
but thank goodness,
there is a greater galactic
hall who's also watching us,
part of the Galactic
Federation who's here to help,
and we're all part of that
greater wholism in terms
of the consciousness ability to
understand our own development.
>> Some of us are still
believing we're alone
in the universe.
So it is going to
take some time.
And unfortunately, to
unfold very gradually,
I would say even from
now moving forward.
>> We are now close in a whole
history from the first time
that we got in contact
with the Confederation.
So it means that we have
gone through a whole process
of inner process and now
we are ready to go out.
This is the first
time that people
are willing to go to
the moon, to Mars.
And so the planet is kind
of ready to go beyond.
And I don't say humans
is the planet, that
is the planet-- the awareness
of the planet that is saying,
I am bigger than this.
So that's why humans are
trying to leave the planet, not
because we don't like
it, but because it's
the moment to spread.
This means that
the whole planet is
getting ready to open
themselves to other realities
to something bigger.
But, I wouldn't say that
would happen in our lifetime.
I think we have a lot of
things to do before we
can get in touch with them.
We have problems with our
neighbors and our families.
We cannot deal with others.
>> Everyone, everywhere that
makes a willingful decision
to be part of a Galactic
Federation in a harmonious
and peace-making and balancing
way contributes something
to this community-- everyone.
Basically, everyone watching
this can grow and be together.
Just the single thought
contributes something
to this Galactic
Federation in the way
that higher frequencials
understand it.
Everyone can contact the
species or any other species
and ask for help, or even ask
for a positive outcome, which
is basically the all shift
happening now concept
that we were doing.
>> The Galactic Federation
exists because the nature
of life is one of
cooperative help.
The ability of brotherly
and sisterly love.
And so our understanding
of the Galactic Federation
will be like looking at
brothers and sisters who
are cosmic cousins on the other
side of the pond of space.
And brothers and sisters who
have learned to achieve results
by going through the quagmire
that we find ourselves
in what part of humanity wants
new science and part of it
wants old spirituality.
Ultimately, science and
spirituality do merge together
requires a upgrade
of our consciousness.
And so the Galactic
Federation is here
to provide the ways and
means for the upgrade
of our consciousness
that we can be--
should we see using more
of that great talent that
is in our brain to be using
more of that powerful spirit
vibration of our heart.
And ultimately to
having the vision
that we're all one
species growing up
as Homo universalis, which
means universal humanity
in the fullest sense of
exploring the universe
and being citizens in
this greater universe.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> As citizens of
this greater universe,
we may not see an official
disclosure regarding
the Galactic Federation from
our governments just yet.
Still, evidence suggests
that a Galactic Federation
and the various species within
it have been influencing
and continue to influence
individuals and a greater
humanity on Earth to this day.
As we look to our galactic
family amongst the stars,
there are many people
who find comfort knowing
that they are looking back.
Next time on deep
space, we explore
one of the most controversial
species in history--
the Greys.